hello and welcome to dr. ladies
affordably priced Halloween mask pics or
as we sometimes call creepy teepees
I'm your host Beatrice Arthur and well
tonight's mask is by bump in the night
productions or bump in the night FX as
they're now known it's the zombie from
lucha butchie's landmark 1979
achievement in cinematic sentimentality
zombie AKA zombie flesh eaters
now this particular zombie became one of
the big horror icons of the 80s when the
video will happen every video store in
America had this face in it because the
poster and the promotional arm and the
video box covers and everything for a
zombie had this guy with the big
emblazoned with the big letters saying
we are going to eat you and this is what
do you look like complete with worms
coming out of the eye socket and
everything very disturbing and creepy
and scary and ugly zombie and
everybody's seen it now because it's
just one of those famous images from the
days of good gory nasty bloody Italian
horror and the zombie has been made into
a mask a bunch of times
the buff in the night one I'm
recommending on by virtue of its
affordability this thing as you can see
it's full head latex he does have a slit
up the back to make it easier to wear
full head latex with a very generous bib
down in the front work into the costume
either on the person who's wearing it or
on the mannequin finger that's wearing
it but look how great this paint and
sculpture is and it sells for around 45
to 50 bucks which i think is a very good
price for this much zombie and this much
full chi you know now I know some people
are gonna say all buff of the night
he was all over the place for a while
there and yeah I know there was some
problems that I will say this about this
mask I've had a bunch of these through
here
bunch of copies of this mask and because
we put him in the gift shop down the
Hara hotel and when we're open so for
several years in a row I would order
several of these at a time and put them
in the gift shop and well with all the
ones I've seen I never got a bad one I
never got one that was really poor that
I that I sent back or anything
they were always pretty good about like
this one and this this I did decide to
keep one for my own collection just
because I thought it was cool and it's
got this multicolored stiffle painted
spongebob paint effect going on it
really captures the crusty look at the
movie with his aam be small cake with
dried blood and dried mud and dried dirt
and slime and other disgusting things I
think these were these were maybe the
scariest um bees of any zombie movie
might have been the ones in full cheese
zombie but fine Halloween masks and
again all the copies I've seen have
looked really good the only caveat here
is that not even caviar you don't even
do that the worms are glued in and they
can't to be made in the kind of rubber
that isn't real happy to be believed in
so if you get one from a shop where
people have messed with it of kids have
put it on and pulled out it and stuff it
may have gotten accidentally dewormed
and you may need to rewarm it but if you
order one from a dealer online or
wherever it should be new and it should
be fine and that you have the worms then
if not go to the bait store you know go
to the hunting and fishing department at
your local mall worn by some some worms
and stick them in there you know got the
worms in me I've got the shiny teeth
very creepy mask fully wearable
neighborhood of 45 bucks and well you
can never have too much rotted corpse
flesh around the house I think so big
thumbs up for the bump in the night
effect
zombie aka the full t zombie and now
just watch how quickly it gets dark in
here when we blow this candle out say
why did I tell you